Yes Domo it will be suspicious
Yes
It is Katha to introduce today
Yeah do it
It was a pattern
Sheet
It's a turtle . 5 people groom
It is a toe of the five-man idol group It is Kazuya looking at the car
Called a new cm character of Kirin afternoon tea
Attended the new team announcement meeting held in It is today 12 days in Tokyo
Yes
8 Shim is yeah
It is an ordinary sala ima This a Killing Word Word instantly when you drink this product
It seemed content that transformed into a turtle's handsome
Yes
Thane
Sounds good
What
It is fine in the cartoon ah
I am feeling now of wood or say handsome you enjoy but but in fact there is no singer
I hope I it is to start something in the serious like a feeling
Yes , you are transformed into one side, Mr. Takuya Kimura
Giyasu Date was standing Iwao So you it is even e football hour cm in the face cleansing
Then you
I was there is that buy to Kimura
If you feel like something is wrong as a reply wind
Of course there are those who want to go back to good-looking guy otto
If you are playing baseball, you want to transform into Ichiro
I think that I want to stretch Darvish variously
wife
It is then transformed into a Doraemon It is If you could warm if possible reply four-dimensional pocket crisp
Time Machine
It's a four-dimensional pocket that's a time machine
I want to go back to the past and start over
Say
It is Kamei's English is given was to introduce today
It was the content of the new cm of faith Oh Kirin afternoon tea
Thank Mai influence is yes more than Thank you very much I am watching
a
Norimasa on tv
We look forward to yours You're a channel, register now
Thank you in advance